Move methods in cinnabar.stats concerning MLE to the MLEEstimator class (#211)
OpenFreeEnergy/cinnabar: news/stats_mle_move.rst

**Changed:**

* Methods concerning MLE setup and calculation moved from ``cinnabar.stats`` to ``cinnabar.estimators.MLEestimator`` as static methods

> * Adds support for bi-directional ddG with MLE

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Adds support for bi-directional and multipule singe direction ddG estimates to the MLE estimator.
```

> * Adds support for bi-directional and multipule singe direction ddG estimates to the MLE estimator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Adds support for bi-directional and multiple single-direction ddG estimates to the MLE estimator.
```
